It's a great start, I'm just going to be working here while you're done that.
Okay, you can't hear me, cool, sounds good.
Oh, hang on, I commend my wrong speaker.
Casey, I'm so excited that we just did this at the beginning where we're like, can you
hear me?
All right, so I'm miserable right now because it's allergy season and I, you know what,
give me a second, I need to go take my allergy meds, otherwise I'm going to go crazy.
Yeah, not only is it allergy season, so I'm allergic to tree pollen, but usually if I
just take a pill every night before I go to sleep, I'm okay, but I've been kind of off
of it.
So I don't feel good right now and on top of that, I sit down on my computer today after
I rebooted it after an upgrade and everything's in light mode.
Oh no.
And it's like driving me nuts.
Like I can't tell what setting flipped or something updated and like whatever setting
I was using isn't recognized.
So everything's really bright and it's like making my ice squint, which is like triggering
my allergies even more.
So I was having like a miserable morning going crazy.
Oh man.
I think everyone can relate with like system, something's wrong with your system, but you
don't like want to figure it out or can't figure it out quickly and you just got work
to do.
Yeah, I'm usually okay with that.
It's just the physical.
I'm like dealing with it with a physical sensitivity to life.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Well, that sucks.
I guess if you want me to talk the whole time, I can just talk.
You can just nod.
Yeah.
That might be better.
Might be better.
Now it probably won't.
I do have a lot to say.
I do.
I just have lots of thoughts.
I feel like this is a big week.
Do you think this is a big week?
I was thinking that yesterday I was like, Oh, we're never going to talk about tomorrow.
I struggle with this feeling of like, Am I a person that you can trust like I don't jump
on high trains, right?
I don't get like overly excited about stuff that I shouldn't do I am I a person that does
that?
You are not a person that doesn't do that.
I think you're like, I mean, they're just spectrum.
I think you fall somewhere on it probably the same point that I do.
I don't think.
Are you excited about stuff?
I get excited about stuff, but I don't like I didn't do like the crypto thing.
I feel like I'm not just like some guy that's like riding every wave.
Yes.
Correct.
You're great.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think this one's big.
I think I think things this week shifted for me like in terms of timelines in terms of
like how our job is changing.
Yeah.
It was cloud code.
I mean, cloud code for me, I wasn't going to use cursor.
I know people have been using these kind of modalities with cursor for a while.
Yeah.
Just not going to do that.
Or maybe we talked about it, maybe I said I would try and I want to try and we talked
about other editors that are doing the same thing, but cloud code is the thing you kind
of said weeks ago, you were like, it just needs to interact with the file system.
And that's what it does.
Yeah.
And it's, it's pretty good.
What's your take on, you've used it for a bit now.
I heard you at the beginning, say it was good or you've used it more.
Do you use it all?
What are your thoughts?
Yeah.
So it's funny because I don't, I still don't use it that much for code, not on purpose.
I think it's just like my habits haven't shifted.
Yeah.
That's the hard part.
Right.
Yeah.
And when I did try a few times, like I didn't get, I didn't, I didn't land somewhere good
with it.
Right. But that's not really, it's fault.
It's just a mix of understanding what type of things you go to it for, what type of things
you get a sense of like, oh, it's probably just going to get stuck in a loop.
But obviously the stuff I've been posting about, I've been using it a lot as a client
for, um, you know, like all my tools that I would run, which is interesting does, does
a given MCP client really matter, like does which MCP client you use this cloud code versus
using like cloud desktop, give you any advantages when you're doing the stuff you're doing and
maybe tell the audience what you're doing.
Yes.
And I don't understand why.
Okay.
So obviously this week, I was talking about MCP servers and there's just been these giant
threads.
You mean this last 24 hours?
It just like for some reason everyone on Twitter decided that they care about this and it's
so weird.
I figured it out though.
I figured it out.
I figured out why this happened this week because it was very confusing for me at first
because I was like, I'd heard about MCP for a while, I understood it for a while.
I knew it was for a while.
It's like two months ago, right?
You sent me the first, when they first announced it, you sent it to me because we were doing
some stuff.
I mean, this has been around for.
It's not brand new.
Yeah.
But then for me personally, I was like, I don't use anything that is a client.
So as much as I'd like to use this stuff, I personally cannot exist and fit to my workflow.
Then cloud code came out and that unblocked me.
And that's when I started really looking to it.
And everyone seemed to and I was just like, there's no way that everybody was waiting
for cloud code.
Like, I know all of you are using cursor, but it turns out that cursor updated their
MCP support January 23rd to like actually make it like more full featured and like visible.
And I guess it takes like a roughly a month for people to update.
And probably the past couple of weeks, everyone might got the update and like saw it and started
to set that stuff up.
So I think it just blew up this week because it got updated in cursor.
I don't mind the just like, I mean, it's like it is a natural phenomenon that you can't
resist that like, sometimes stuff just catches fire and everything you see on your timeline
is about that thing.
Yeah.
That doesn't bother me.
The only thing that bothers me is the people who like suddenly like have like tutorials
or answers and they're not like associated with this stuff at all, like they just ride
every trend, I guess.
They just they need to like.
So annoying.
It's like a four thought leader and it's so weird.
It's always phrased the same way.
It's like people have been asking me about MCP.
So who the fuck is asking you literally who in the world has asked you a single question
about anything in your whole life, like go up to one person in person and ask them if
they have heard about MCP and they will say no, it is on Twitter.
So okay, you got some Twitter DMS.
I don't believe.
Not even.
Yeah.
No one is fucking asking you anything.
You're like, you're not the person anyone goes to when they have a question.
Okay.
So yeah.
So the reason this bothers me is because, well, one at a base level, they actually confuse
things more.
It's so simple.
They're just plugins for cloud.
Like it's that's all there is.
There's no like.
Thank you.
It's plugins.
Yes.
There's no like deep philosophical game changing architectural things.
It's everything.
It's absolutely.
So they inflate it and they also make it so I actually have stuff I want to ask people
about and talk about, but like I just don't want to.
Now I'm like adding to that.
Yeah.
You don't want to be associated with.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
So just like God damn every time it's like the other side of Twitter that we don't normally
see, but it's always people with like a hundred thousand followers and we're just like, who
are you?
Like why do you have more followers than like the biggest open source people in like the
real world?
So it's just just like that world is like intersecting right now and it's it's very annoying.
It's very annoying and it's annoying because you see both ends of it like it's the people
who have no clue and they're just like, what is this?
And then there's the people who have the big extra opinions.
Then there's the people who are like way too hot right now.
People are talking about this way too much.
Somebody like, we need to bring it back down to earth and then it's like the people who
are the naysayers and they're like, this is stupid, it doesn't even work.
Just the whole spectrum of it is so annoying to me, but I don't remember it being like
this with something else like this was the most like in one day take over Twitter I've
ever seen.
Yeah.
It was mind blowing.
Is that what the future holds for us?
I feel like that's not because of MCP it's just because of like us and social media and
the feedback loop and we are we are being trained by these things.
Yeah.
It's so scary.
That's how it feels like any kind of cycle that in any part of the world anywhere where
there's been like a cycle that you're familiar with, it feels like that cycle is way more
rapid.
It's like way it just compresses more and more and more and more and to the point where
like we're seeing the full cycle happen within 24 hours where previously would have taken
like a couple of weeks.
Don't love it.
If I'm being honest.
I know.
It's a it's it's weird, but going back to it, so cloud code unblocked me, which made
me realize like, Oh, this idea of being able to like create tools that you can just have
cloud code compose by the way, I think this is the part that's not super obvious.
It is really good at composing stuff together.
If you give it three tools, it knows how to like run a then see them be three times and
go back to it.
Like it can really compose stuff well.
So that's a part that I think is easy to underestimate.
That's the magic and the tools themselves are just stupid.
They're just like little, little functions to call.
So yeah, my my exploration this past week has been, how do we make it really easy to
expose internal functions we wrote for our code base through this system so we can do
like all the operations operation stuff and we've yeah, we put together a bunch of fun
demos stuff that I've actually used already.
Like I handled some support cases through a little stripe tool.
Mm hmm.
I love this.
Yeah.
And the alternative before was like way more complicated.
So I'm more I'm more using the tool calling stuff.
And that's already like massive for me.
I'm not using the code stuff as much.
So I'm trying to lean into the code stuff.
I'm just trying to like see what it's good at what it's bad at.
I've got like two really mature, not mature, but like code bases that are legacy.
They're not like green field projects where I'm building a new game and cursor or whatever.
This is like real actual repos.
And I don't I don't know where I stand yet.
Like I don't know what parts are the limitations of the model like cloud three seven and what
parts are fundamental limitations with the approach.
I think what you said about composing tools together.
If you think of like the internal tools, the internal capabilities that they've built as
like their own MCP servers or whatever, it's ability to like find stuff across the code
base and kind of string together a plan seems pretty good.
Like it gets rid of the whole context window problems of like everything having to fit
into context.
It seems I don't know what the mechanism I don't know how it's actually keeping track
of its plan and then executing the individual tasks.
But it seems pretty good at that part.
It's just the actual writing the files that like it's still limited by the actual model
like three seven just doesn't seem to always make great choices in terms of like actually
writing the code.
But it comes up with pretty good plans and it seems to go through like it can run your
tests that can figure out, you know, and work through eventually with like a working test.
It can work through stuff pretty well.
I'm impressed with that part of it, the agent side of it, I guess, where it's bringing stuff
together.
It's really cool to see it like run all these bash commands and scripts to accomplish things.
Yeah, it's clever.
It's clever.
Like if it hits a roadblock, it'll like find a workaround.
So the demo I was doing yesterday was having it operate the terminal API, but I was running
it inside the terminal code base.
And when I initially saw the tool, I messed it up like I implemented it wrong.
So it ran into one error, because I said like, okay, get me one of those products from the
terminal.
It tried to do it.
It got an error.
And then it was like bucket, I'm just going to query the DB and give you the answer.
So it just went around and gave you the answer.
And the other thing that was cool was again, when I was implementing a tool, I implemented
it wrong.
So I had it.
I was like, okay, use this tool to do whatever it failed.
Then it went and read the file.
The tool was in and was like, oh, here's the mistake and it like fixed the tool and then
read, which was pretty, pretty wild to see.
Yeah.
One of my favorite things that's done so far is it's the kind of stuff that I just, I get
so bogged down and will not push through on.
It actually like dives in to dependency code and node modules to figure out how a dependency
works to then ultimately write the code I'm writing to interact with this dependency.
Like it watching it do that and watching it traverse into node modules and figure stuff
out that I knew there had to be answers, I'd gone on to GitHub, I'd looked through some
of the code, I'd looked through issues, open issues, and I never found like an answer to
my problem and it figured it out by just inspecting node modules.
So that's pretty cool stuff like, yeah, that saves you a lot of time.
Yeah.
I don't know, like, will the next model is cloud four?
When is the model where like, I feel good about the code it writes because I don't always
feel good.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't know.
I'm still not super, I'm not banking on the raw power getting that much better.
I think, and this is the, these are observations that I've seen people make for a while.
They were like, based on the current capabilities of the model, it's actually like, you know,
one or two years ago, people were saying, um, we actually already have a lot of capability.
It's just not being like put together in the right package and even if the base model doesn't
get better, like we're going to see, you're still going to be able to have like much better
outcomes.
And that's kind of where we are now.
Okay.
So if we run these things in a loop and have all these tricks that it can do, it effectively
makes this base model a lot more useful.
But yeah, I don't know.
I don't know how much more we can get from the base model.
Okay.
This plan, I think we're like hitting the ceiling of what we can get from this model.
And I also don't know if it's going to get that much better.
I think some of the interesting things that I learned this past week was if you look at
the approach of how I was writing these tools in the beginning of the week versus the end,
it's radically different.
So the first thing I went to do was like, I would love to have Claude code be able to
operate my AWS accounts, I'm going to ask it like, Hey, that last ECS deployment, like
did something go wrong or like, you know, clear out all the files in the ZS3 bucket.
So I went and like pulled the JSON spec for the AWS API, built like all these different
tools that like, let's Claude query that spec, and then, you know, understand what operations
it has, then let's Claude like learn how to build the input for that.
Like I did like a really complex thing to eventually make a fetch call to the API.
And that's how I started then I realized like, man, these tools can just be really sloppy
and dumb because it can just like handle anything.
So with the, so yesterday, Frank did another demo where he does glob imports, like the
whole AWS SDK V2.
And then the tool just takes the service name, the function call, and then like arguments,
like three things.
And Claude already knows it was a TV to it knows what services that there are and knows
like what functions there are.
And we just like dynamically call the function and there's like no structure to it.
There's like this is like a five line tool, maybe, and it effectively drives it well.
And I'd say something with the stripe API, I did where I was like, first I was like, oh,
I need to import the stripe SDK and expose each, each, each like method as a tool.
No, I just, I just ask it for a path and I need to be a method and a body.
And I just send that to a stripe API.
And yeah, it gets it right when it gets it wrong.
It can, as long as the error messages coming back are reasonable, it can kind of be wrong.
Yeah.
Like it, it sent a date for something that it was, it sent like the date timestamp in
the wrong format, got back the error, realized, fix it.
Yeah.
So yeah, just, just like the composable, like that whole like loop is so much better than
I think people realize it is.
Yeah, no, it's, it's exciting.
It's, I know people complain that it's expensive, but I love the idea of like starting a thing,
giving it permission to do whatever it wants and then going and eating my breakfast and
knowing like, I'm kind of still getting stuff done right now, like it may not end up sticking.
I may have to go back and, you know, correct it or whatever, but like something's happening
and before nothing was happening, because I was making breakfast.
Yeah.
For the coding thing, I think, you know, the price is a question, but for the stuff I'm
using it for, it's really stupid.
Honestly, I bet like a much dumber model could do all the same stuff that I'm asking it to
do because it's just converting these two calls together.
And I bet it could be super fast because right now it's kind of slow.
Like 95% of the time is it doing AI stuff and then 5% time is like waiting for the responses
from the call it's making.
Yeah.
So I think a little bit like 20 times faster.
And I want to see like a version of this with like a dumber model that's optimized to be
cheap and really fast, and you can get like pretty insane results.
Yeah.
I guess I just saw somebody say the other day that like the bigger the models are getting,
the slower they're getting.
That's inherent.
So that would suck because I think for like things like coding, you do need the big powerful
models.
The cost thing, I don't, I don't think about it at all mostly because I guess I've hired
engineers like as a startup founder.
Yeah.
Relative to what it's doing, it's like a fraction.
Things just get cheaper.
That's what they do.
Yeah.
The models have all gotten cheaper over time.
So this is as bad as my B I would think.
Yeah.
Or the models just get a lot better and then it's worth it, but then maybe they're more
expensive.
But yeah, the cost thing, I don't, I haven't really cared and I see people like outright
dismissing it because of the cost.
And I don't know, maybe their experience is something I'm not experiencing, but I know
some people like have five pains going and they're using get work tree to like have different
branches checked out and they're doing work simultaneously.
Maybe you could rack up some pretty big bills that way, I guess.
But yeah, I've only, I mean, I've been doing like a lot of heavy testing.
This is, I'm working with this stuff and I only spent 25 bucks to like get to the point
where I launched something.
And then yeah, like, you know, I guess I'm not using it for coding.
I'm sure like goes in longer loops there.
Yeah.
I want to get anecdotal on the coding thing real quick because I do hate when people just
praise or shoot down something and then there's no examples.
So I've had like one impressive thing.
The first thing I had it do really in terms of coding across the stat news code base,
which is giant.
I mean, it's a huge consumer app.
I mean, consumer code base, whatever.
It's a huge app.
It's a huge thing.
It's big.
There's lots of code.
There's lots of files and it made a change to fit.
It was just a bug fix, but it made a change across three files that were very spread out
and it figured out like what it had to do.
And it was perfect.
Like I didn't have changed anything, pushed it.
I mean, tested and everything was good.
So that was very impressive.
And I was like, we're going to the moon, everybody.
This is incredible.
But then like on the downside, there was a case where I wrote like one file and I needed
like 20 files like it.
It's a test file across like testing one resource in an API.
And then I need to like repeat that.
Like I wrote it manually.
I need to now do this for every resource in the API and it literally can't follow my
venture, it cannot just do what I did, but apply it, like it will not just follow the
pattern.
It's doing new things.
It's doing its own thing.
I think all that stuff chocks up to like cloud three seven is being dumb.
And I know a lot of people on Twitter say cloud three sevens dumb or over fit or whatever.
It's really frustrating.
Like I feel like that should be a thing that I'll just nail like here's a pattern.
Now apply it to these other things.
I just can't get it to do it.
So I'm writing it manually and that sucks.
Okay, so I didn't know that people were saying cloud three seven is dumb.
But now that you've said that, I have had a bunch of situations where I'm like, I was
kind of surprised that like I gave it work that seemed like LM work and it was getting
confused.
Is it worse?
Because I saw someone posted more in three five is still better than three seven.
I was like, I've seen that sentiment as well.
I don't know.
I could, I think in cloud code, you can change the model.
Maybe I could change back to three five and see how it does.
Maybe with this specific task, it'd be great if something could just pair it.
It would save me hours and that would be great.
The other interesting thing is, isn't it funny to contrast the approach of anthropic and
open AI?
They're like going towards the same goal, but these companies could not feel like any
more different.
Any different?
Yeah.
Could you explain the open AI approach?
Because I just can't, I just can't even listen to them.
Talk.
Open AI's approach is so like head in the clouds.
It's like we don't even care about doing anything useful in the near term because our
goals are so like years out and like there's no point wasting time in the short term thing
because we're going to do this much bigger thing, which I don't think is wrong.
But it can be wrong if you've thought about that concept so much that you're now like
doing it on purpose.
You know what I mean?
I feel like there's like everyone knows you got to aim big.
But because you know you have to aim big, you kind of like do it in an artificial way.
You know, like kind of points here.
So that's the thing I get from open AI where it just feels like how much are they just
like feeding this narrative, but like not actually doing anything and I can see them
like not do it.
And then on the other hand, like anthropic feels the opposite where they're just like
building very useful incremental things.
They're like, oh, here's a problem you ran into.
Here's a fix for it.
Okay.
We can make this.
Not code.
It's like they built this for them and that they're using it.
It has that feel.
Yeah, exactly.
And then they're also like integrated in, I think cursors main partner, I think is
anthropic.
If I understand that correctly, so like again, very practical consumer of this stuff and
like trying to solve like really practical problems, like just solving just the next
incremental thing.
I know the way I'm saying it, it makes it sound like obviously the anthropic approach
is always better.
I actually think it can go either way.
Like you can just go this incremental approach and then someone just lands something that
just obsolete's everything you've been doing.
I see that happen, but in this case right now, it feels like their approach makes a
lot more sense, especially in such a like frothy market.
Their CEO and every talks, he seems like really low key, you're not like, yeah, like
definitely a lot more like.
The whole man, I cannot stand Sam, I can't stand Sam.
I can't stand him more like every time I look at him now, it's worse and worse all the time.
I just that guy.
Okay.
I have a question about this.
I think he has a bunch of plastic surgery, I think.
Oh, really?
And I'm one of these.
Maybe that's what it is.
That's part of what's feeding is.
Is it his face that's bothering me because something about him is bothering me.
I mean, it's also his personality and the things he says, so so Liz has this funny thing where
she's like, sometimes we intellectualize situations so much.
And all that's going on is we think someone's ugly.
There's this whole thing with, and she points out like Lena Dunham, who's like this, he created
this show called Girls, definitely a really kind of like outside of the way she looks.
She's like, there's reasons people find her annoying or controversial or whatever, but
she was just like the subject of endless like people just talking about how much they hate
it.
She's like intellectualizing on top of it, but she's just like kind of ugly, so she's
pretty ugly to look at.
And she's always like, all that's going on here was that she's ugly.
And that's it.
And if she wasn't ugly, I don't think this like this conversation around her would have
inflated that much.
It's interesting.
Like Sam's face to me looks like I want to punch it, like it's just one of those punchable
faces.
See, I thought that was because of the things he says, but maybe it's not, maybe it's just
his face.
But this brings me to another point.
I am very convinced that there is something with the way people look and their personalities.
And I can't unsee it, right?
Like sometimes you see someone, like you see a random picture of someone and they looked
like a really nice person and it's impossible to imagine that they're ever like a huge asshole,
right?
Like they have a nice sweet face, like whatever that means.
And I'm just like that never happened.
That literally never happens.
I never see someone that looks nice and it turns out they're like, they have like a mean
aggressive personality.
Like I just don't see it doesn't happen.
It's like temperament actually shapes your appearance in some way like over time or like
manifest.
And then like, and I feel like you, this has to be a thing because some actors get type
cast in like mean roles or like childish roles or there's like something, something to it.
The flip side is like obviously actors that play evil people because they look evil usually
are like nice in real life.
Yeah.
Right.
There's some, there's, I feel there's, it's not like totally zero.
There's like something, there's something there.
There's something there.
Huh.
So Sam looks like a sneaky annoying motherfucker.
Because he is.
Yeah.
And just feeds and it shapes his face and the shape and the world treats him a certain way
and that like makes him more a certain way, you know, I feel like there's a little feedback
loop.
Yeah.
Do people, other people that like him?
I don't know how he even like likes himself after the Congress thing, like after the Congressional
hearing where he was like, I just do it because I love it, like, I don't have any stock.
I don't remember.
And then like all the things he's done since then, like, how can anybody like this guy?
How does he sleep at night?
I just like, does he ever wake up and just be like, I am the absolute like worst version
of Silicon Valley CEO, founder guy.
And was it worth it?
Like, I don't know.
Because there's just legions of people that like him, quote unquote, cause their incentivize
a suck up to him.
And I feel you're surrounded by people like that to get a sense of how annoying you seem.
But again, it's, at the end of the day, it might just be arbitrary.
It might just stem from the fact that he looks a certain way and he doesn't control that.
Maybe.
That's true.
Like you're saying, maybe he is an awful, scammy person because of his appearance.
He doesn't even know.
Well, treated him like he was and he became, you know, it's like the Zootopia thing.
Okay.
Well, I do have this thing where I exonerate everybody.
Something I'm learning about myself, like no matter what you do, I just assume it's part
of your story, your circumstances led to that.
There's nothing you could do about it.
What is that?
That's like a, that's probably like a spiritual belief.
It's like materialist or something like where you just think everything in the universe
is just a product of Adams banging around and doing stuff.
I don't know.
Can I even know what I'm saying?
I don't know what I'm saying.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's, I think I believe that too.
Like everything is just, I don't believe in free will.
I don't believe in.
Oh, really?
See, I always backtrack when I like explain that I just don't view people as like bad
because like they just do things based on how they were raised or how they were whatever.
And then people like, well, do you believe in free will?
I'm like, of course.
Yeah.
So no, I do believe in free will.
So could you explain?
You're just leaning hard into no free will.
So I think my position on this is it's not an interesting question in that I don't believe
else.
I don't believe in free will, but I do believe that our brains cannot comprehend the concept
of no free will.
Oh, you saw the builder society around assuming people have it like at a technical level,
like, yeah, because a meteor was like one centimeter off from where it would have been
otherwise, that's the reason that I have a beard, like, I think things change together
like that.
And like my personalities like that.
And all that stuff.
Yeah.
And I don't literally control all that.
And I think everything is just I need to put it another way.
I think if you knew all the rules of physics and you knew the start point, what things
looked like at a certain point, you would know what where things are at any future function.
It's just a pure function and you make the whole state of the universe and you put it
in the function and you get the next state.
I think that's like a reasonable thing to say and like be like, yeah, that is how the
universe works simultaneously, like practically we had the illusion of free will.
So we can't really see it that way day to day.
Yeah.
It feels like free will.
It feels like I do something right now that you couldn't there couldn't have been predicted.
Yep, exactly.
And so like at the end of the day, we do simultaneously sometimes I think about like I'm kind of like
you where I I wouldn't say fully exonerate.
I think I just hold two things together.
Like I'm always like, yes, there is for this person, there was no avoiding the situation.
They couldn't have been a better person.
They couldn't have been whatever it wasn't like in their control simultaneously.
Like I still think they there's there's consequences that need to happen, but I will temper how
intense I am about that, right?
Yeah.
I'm realizing I'm breaking my own rule because I don't I always thought I've viewed everyone
like this, but I don't.
I view like dumb people this way, like if they're dumb, like a dumb person who just kills someone
because they need to, I don't know, feed their family.
That person I exonerate and I'm like, they couldn't help it.
That's just the environment they were in and the circumstances are rendered.
But someone like Sam Altman, I'm like, nope, that guy, he could have fixed it.
He could have not been such an asshole.
But yeah, but like what made him, you know, maybe it was just his face.
He could have just been face.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, even like intelligence to me, it's just something that you're birth with.
So and I didn't really control that.
So yeah, no, it's true.
Everything just feels out of my control, but at the same time, you know, I'm not like
forgive everyone for everything and no rules.
Yeah.
And I'm not saying that either.
I guess.
Yeah.
I'd say people like will cast what I'm saying in that to that extreme.
Like nobody's guilty of anything because we're all just a product of the giant universe
function churning out new states, like a react component.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I do hate that like my brain goes to react when I think of like functions modify, like
bring something from state.
Yeah.
I hate that.
But they introduce me to it.
And the worst part is, uh, is it even a pure function is what?
Oh, the universe?
No, it's really.
Oh, man.
It's funny.
I don't even like.
You know, when I was saying I had like react brain, it took me a while to switch to solid.
I implement for open auth.
I implemented like a really good auth context for solid with like multi account support,
like switching all that stuff.
And I'm like, okay, I got to port this to react.
I'm just like, I have no idea how to do this.
Like I just don't understand it anymore starting over with react.
Yeah.
I'm going to jump into an L M and have it, have it do it, but it's very good at react.
I would think speaking of, I mean, we brought this up a bunch before, but I got to bring
it up again.
Uh, so you were asking like the MCP clients, like, is there any, doesn't matter which one
you use?
I actually found that cloud code is better than cloud desktop, even outside of code, you
think just this tool calling thing.
I was getting better results in cloud codes.
I don't know exactly what the details there are now that I think, now that I think about
it.
These cloud desktop even, does it have the ability to do the whole agent chaining stuff?
Isn't it just like every other chat app where you just send it a prompt and it gives you
a response?
No, I think I saw something about like 3.7 reasoning in it.
Okay.
I got it.
Look, I've just been kind of in a whirlwind this week.
Yeah.
So I remember I was asking cloud that I attached some AWS tool and I was like, oh, like, you
know, how much traffic did I get to this end point in the past week?
And okay.
It calls a tool.
Get the data back.
Awesome.
Okay.
Now it starts to build a react app with hard coded data.
So I'm going to run for a chart.
Oh, I'm worried.
Okay.
This is technically kind of smart because now you have like an unlimited, you have unlimited
ability to build any UI effectively for whatever the best way that to show this information.
Mm hmm.
But man, does that seem like stuff's like a blunt hammer.
Yeah.
I think that's what I've heard people saying, but how clawed just it does too much.
Does too much.
It doesn't do the simple thing anymore.
Like 3.7 is just like, I don't know if that's overfitting.
I don't even know what overfitting would mean with an LLM, but it's like it goes too far
and gets too elaborate and thinks too big when it should do simpler things, which is really
annoying.
It's graduating from being a junior engineer to being a mid-level engineer.
And that's why it's doing all the complicated stuff.
Oh, it's in that little like transition period where it's in the middle of the bell curve.
Yeah.
What's that curve?
The mid-wit curves.
Mid-wit curve.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know with the, it's so hard to like, this is my first experience with this kind
of coding where like the cursor experience where it can actually do things and you're
not just like copy-pasting, one-shotting, like, functions or whatever.
Like where it's actually modifying my code base while I observe and review the code.
It's my first experience with that.
So it's hard to separate like what in, it's also my first experience with Cloud 3.7.
So like what is 3.7?
What is the Cloud code limitations?
It's just very hard to suss out.
I have noticed like Cloud code eventually on a big problem and a big code base where
you've been going for a while, you've got a few minutes of computation going, you'll
start to eventually see that there's like a context limit that the context gets low.
So I guess that's like, it is building up some kind of like file that describes everything
it's done so far, I guess maybe.
And like keeping track of the state just in some text file maybe, but I don't know.
Is that transparent?
No, I think it's literally just what's in, what's it's printing.
Because it prints in really Cloud code, like the inputs and the outputs, it might truncate
the output, but that's, that's all it's going off.
That's the context.
So using that and it's calls back to the model as the context needed to keep doing the tasks
needed.
Yeah.
And that's why eventually the context pulls up.
You have to like summarize it.
That's why it initially feels like.
Yeah.
But that, that, that list, whatever it's printing, like standard out, that doesn't have like
contents of your files and stuff in it.
It does.
It just truncated.
It just, it just shows you the first.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
It starts to show you like the first few imports or whatever, the fishy lines of the file.
Oh, that's right.
So that file would just be this giant.
If I inspected that file, it would have all the code for all those files.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think, I think what would be what might end up happening.
So right now, if you have a well organized file tree, this is great for cloud code because
it can infer a lot just by doing a list on recursive lists on everything.
And that can easily fit in context window.
It can kind of have a sense of everything.
I kind of wonder if there's going to be some kind of thing where like you can put one comment
at the top of a file and just reads up to that comment so it can get like more information
about what is in this file and keep that and the exact and probably fit.
Yeah.
The approach with all this stuff just seems like give it a shallow view of everything and
then let it drill down and then get and then that way you're not like overloading your
context right away.
Yeah.
So I think that that type of thing works pretty well.
The thing that we've been thinking about is I think we're going to end up, we don't want
to do this.
I think everything we do, we don't want to do we just have to do.
I started off so many projects like this being like, I don't want to do this.
Yeah.
I think we're going to have to build a web based client client.
I'm not going to call it an MCP client.
I'm just going to say like something that's embeddable because the best experience for
the stuff we're working on is we saw this project open control that's easy to find tools
import functions from your code base, whatever when it's deployed, you should just be able
to go to the URL and have a chat box right there and be able to like talk to it and do
everything.
You shouldn't have to like put it into yeah, exactly.
And then like the clients, you know, you can't just give this to your team.
You got to like tell them to set up a bunch of stuff first.
So we probably will end up making our own like chat type interface.
It's funny.
Vercel actually released a template after they called chat versus I don't know.
So they have like a chat template that does exactly.
It's exactly what we need.
It's just like a prebuilt thing plugging the client.
Yeah, exactly.
It's a plug in.
I don't want to call it a client just like just the front end for it plug in an L M and
you can talk to it.
It can even do tool calls.
It can even do like custom UI.
You can like load it with custom UI widgets and it recognizes that the data coming back
can pop those.
It'll like pop that up instead of this text.
So really good, really well done.
But it's a fucking like app router thing and I can't we can't just like I can't drop that
easily into it's not like wait like I can't deploy a whole next JS app.
You don't want to deploy next JS app into people's database account.
I mean, you guys have the ability to do that, but yeah, it's like it's such a kill for this.
Yeah, yeah.
So I think we're just going to look at it and like yeah, can you just use the actual front
end of it, like remove the next JS piece to just like get the yeah, good parts.
I'm sure I think I think the thing they saw for so they did a broad thinking like the
terms of what it can do made ways organized.
I'm assuming is probably going to be correct.
Maybe a few things I might disagree with, but yeah, we're just going to try to re implement
it in something that is way more lightweight and portable so that one we can drop it.
So deploy open control, boom, you have it there, but also in the ST console, we want
to be able to drop it in there, preload it with tools so you can like ask it by great
of his account.
We even like load the, your state of all your resources into the context, so it can, but
you can like understand a lot of resources in your app.
So you can be like, yeah, this is helpful, clear out the bucket for my follow codes and
it knows what that is.
Yeah, invalidate the cash.
Yeah.
Yeah, we realized we had this like crazy long tail of this thing sucks native as console.
Let's build a better UI for it, an infinite long tail that we would never have made progress
on.
Yeah.
But this kind of like in one go calls a lot of that.
So we want to do that.
But then if you think about it, like theoretically every product probably has the same thing where
they're like, I don't want to build a UI for every little thing.
I have like a dozen actions that my system can do, just give, I always want to be able
to embed a chat interface in my app so people can, and my users can like do that.
So I think a embeddable, nice LM chat thing is going to be useful definitely for us, maybe
for other people.
Like every, like if you think about like building a new app now, you would just start
with the backend, like implement all the functions, database, whatever.
And V1 of your app could just be this thing.
Yeah.
Right.
You can just call the tools.
And then over time you can then build like dedicated UI for things that chat doesn't handle
well.
Yeah.
Like the issues tab in the console, like that's, that's a valuable thing to have that AI is
not the right interface for it.
Like a chat interface is not what you want there, like you want to be able to look at
the list and check them off and see when they last happen, like that's, yeah, their special
UI still needed.
Yeah, like anything that's like tabular, like anything that's like a long list of stuff,
like it's, they need to like go through and do work on personally, why it's great.
But just like that long tail of stuff that you never get to, yeah, like it seems like
this is a good, useful thing.
Okay.
You told me not to use our client, but I'm stuck on this because now like I understand
the MCP server thing, like it's a very simple protocol where you define these tools.
That makes sense to me.
The client side though, the more we talk, like the difference in cloud desktop versus
cloud code, what you're going to build, I'm just realizing I have no idea how the client
side works.
How does the model decide what tools to use?
Is it just part of the context where it passes?
Yeah.
As beginning of the prompt, like here's your list of tools and the definitions, like how
does that client work?
I think that you just want to understand this is actually look at OpenAI instead of
anthropic because you realize that this capability has been around forever without these like
specific, without the specific packaging.
So OpenAI forever, when you send a prompt to their API, you had the option of listing
a bunch of tools that were available to the LOM.
And it's almost the exact same form as MCP server.
It's like an array, the name of the tool, description of what it does, and a JSON schema
of the input.
Okay.
Then the prompt up to their API.
You lost me a little bit because I didn't know you could do this in OpenAI.
Yeah.
So you can.
What are the tools?
They call it function calling.
No, there's no tools.
Oh, function calling.
Yeah.
So you pass it a list.
I think I've heard that term.
So when you send it a prompt, you can also pass it a list of tool definitions.
In the response, it'll tell you, hey, based off this prompt, you should probably call
this tool.
Got it.
Then on your end, you call the tool, get the response, then you can send it back up.
Well, that's not a very good user experience compared to.
It's identical to what Claude's doing.
What?
From the user, maybe I'm misunderstanding the user versus the actual client.
The client.
This is what the client is doing.
Well, this is what the client is doing.
Yeah.
So user sends a prompt.
You send the prompt up.
It comes back with the tools you need to call.
The tool gets a response, sends it back up, and it goes back and forth until there's maybe
no more tool calls coming back.
Okay.
And this is like a very dumb version of this type of product.
I'm assuming that there's a lot of tricks that Claude code implements based on the response.
Maybe they have some hard-coded things that it does differently.
That's probably where the quality comes out.
But bare minimum, you can do this with OpenAI, you can do it a list of tools and I'll tell
you which one to call based off the prompt.
Yeah.
Okay.
So is OpenAI ever going to just use MCP and standardize?
I don't know where MCP is going to go, to be honest, because let's say you are like,
us, like Terminal, we have a API document with OpenAPI, Alums understand OpenAPI.
You could just have a system that points to the API.
But you don't even need the MCP in this case, right?
So I don't know where it's going to go.
So the way we're building, we're building in a way where we have our concept of tools
and we expose them through MCP, and maybe MCP dies, maybe it goes somewhere, but it's
just like the flavor that is getting traction right now, but yeah, we'll see.
But the idea will persist.
It's just...
Yeah.
I guess the question is like, did we need another layer, right?
Like if you take like, linear has an API, I think it's a GraphQL API.
GraphQL APIs are crazy, like, introspectable.
So Claude could have just been like, yeah, add any GraphQL API URL here.
Don't need any new concepts.
So there are some things you lose, but like, I don't think it just matters for 90% of cases.
Yeah.
Definitely doesn't matter for all the people that on Twitter are asking about MCPs.
Just like, doesn't just stop.
The thing that blows my mind is like, why do you need to understand something so much
before you just go try it?
It's like a smallest thing ever.
It's like such a small concept.
Like, why do you need to...
It's like, people are reacting like the quantum announcements.
Like, somebody explained this to me, like, I don't understand, I can't go play with
quantum stuff.
I need to explain to me, like, I'm a dummy, but MCP is like, it's just not a thing that
should have gotten this much attention on Twitter.
It's just a weird, weird situation.
It makes no sense.
Yeah.
Just go.
It's just like, it's like a button you hit in the settings.
Like, I just, it's just so weird that people are like, no, I need you to, like, give me
a friggin' dissertation on this for all, even like consider spending my valuable time opening
up the settings page and trying it out.
Weird times we live in.
Oh, should we talk about some of the weird things that are going on in the world?
Yeah, like that.
Before we get off here?
Well, like, what do you mean?
Now I feel crazy.
Like, is the world not kind of crazy right now?
Like, I feel like right now, my world is MCP and nothing else based on Twitter just erased
my brain for the last 24 hours and all I, all of my head is MCP.
Okay, that's true.
Yeah.
Twitter did get overtaken.
But before it was MCP, there's, there's tariffs.
Oh, the tariffs are really weird.
We're terrafing people, which just seems rude, personally, like there's just, there's some
pretty crazy, like, shifts in the geopolitical alliances.
It feels like we were on one side and now we're on the other side and I don't know what
to think about all of it.
It kind of feels like the outcomes this year or the next two years are all over the place
and I don't know what's going to happen.
I guess the first thing I'll say, and I don't really get into a lot of this stuff because
I'm privileged and I don't have to think about politics.
But when I do think about it, isn't there a reason to like have the world be in a pretty
good shape and not be like, F you all, America's going to be amazing and you guys are going
to burn?
Isn't there a reason we've always like, propped up the world because it's good?
Yeah, I think, I've been thinking about this vaguely for a while and someone finally put
it into good, actually someone that works to open a AI, I think, put it into these terms.
They were like, oh, I think Trump does not understand positive some interactions and
like he leaves everything as a zero sum like for someone to win someone has to lose.
And it's interesting because I have run into really successful business people that have
businesses that are literally in that type of situation and I think in tech, we're very
used to being like, if we built something that enables someone else to be 10 times productive
and we get paid 10% of that and like we like naturally understand that because we're just
in the productivity zone, like improving, if you see productivity, whatever.
So it's really hard to be a zero sum thinker because like it's like in your face all the
time where, you know, everything like both every party can win.
But if you're in the like some kind of like hyper competitive environment with like scarce
resources, like real estate, for example, a lot of the times and especially when governments
involve like whenever there's like government regulation involved and there's government
like you need to get approvals and stuff.
A lot of the times the interactions are zero sum and like I knew these people that had a
massive healthcare business and they operated in like the most like cut throat like totally
alien way like every interaction they went into it being like, I need to fuck over the
other person before they fuck me over.
Yeah.
And I don't think they're ultimately, I don't think they're wrong because I think the business
they were in that just is what you had to do because there was like a fixed thing and
whoever gets most of it like wins, there's no there's no possible way to grow the pie.
It's just fixed and like it gets divvied up.
And I think most of the if you're not in business at all, and if you're not in maybe
tech at all, I can see how that's how that's naturally how you see the world.
It's like if someone is getting money, that means they took it from me.
And you see this on the left too, like people on the left like obsess over billionaires,
like billionaires should be evil like illegal like all that stuff.
It's the same.
It's like a same flavor of that where they're like, oh, they have a tariff on us.
That means we need to have reciprocal tariffs, which is fine if the goal is to reduce tariffs
on both sides to zero, right, like if it's like a threat, you're playing hard with them
to get them to reduce theirs to zero as well.
But it doesn't seem to be that.
It just seems to be like, hey, we can make money if we do this and they're getting away
with it and we should be able to get some money out of it too.
And every single thing it's just been like, how do we get something out of this relationship
in a very direct way, you know, I feel like that's kind of what's going on with all that.
Do you have anxiety over where things are headed?
Is World War three about to erupt?
What's going on?
I mean, it doesn't feel, I mean, just from the economic point of view, it doesn't feel
good because I am very like pro things like free trade.
And I really believe like a lot of this stuff enriches us and really indirect second order
effect ways that it's hard to explain.
And yeah, it doesn't feel good that the world is like looking for alternatives to America.
You know, like, okay, how can we get by without depending on America as much?
How can we, you know, I don't think that leads to a good play.
And then the people that are more funny about it, Nikita had a funny one where it was like,
I've got the name he used, it was some like very Midwest name.
He was like, don't you see as soon as Bill something from, I mean, he's Missouri.
He's from Missouri.
Live it out in Missouri, figures out how to make GPUs.
We're going to be on top all over, how to like smell metal and crap.
Just like we're not, yeah, we've like progressed maybe too much away from some kinds of manufacturing.
But like we don't want to fucking be making t-shirts like we've, our economy has passed
that point, right?
Like we're building stuff that's so complicated that requires physical resources from every
corner of the earth to produce.
And it is the most highest value thing that we could be doing.
Other people don't even have the option.
Like, yeah, other countries don't have the option of building GPUs.
They just don't.
It's not an option.
We do.
So we should take advantage of it as opposed to like going back down and being like, how
do we produce steel like we produce the stuff that steel gets turned into, right?
Yeah.
So I don't know.
It's, it's, it makes me a weird, I think it reminds me of is there's a classic story
from, from China, Mao had this whole great leap forward thing, a very similar mentality
of being like, we're not doing enough of X.
So top down, he tried to force certain things to happen.
They're like, oh, steel is important.
Top down.
They make steel every village.
I needed to produce X amount of steel.
So people were like melting their cast iron pans and stuff and making steel in their back
yards because they were the government told them to instead of like farming and doing
other stuff that they naturally would have otherwise, all the steel was complete garbage
and they had a famine.
So I don't think we're going to go that extreme, but it feels like that's a kind of mindset.
It's like way too basic in our world that's extremely complicated, extremely complicated.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It just, I just, I kind of like missed the days where there weren't big political headlines
every day.
I don't know.
Yeah.
We're all just busy doing pointless things that don't really affect us.
It just feels like we're going to be affected now.
Yeah.
And I felt pretty unaffected in the past by who our president was.
I mean, the reason I don't, I'm not that word yet is my sense on the whole situation
is new president, lots of optimism whenever there's a new president, lots of leeway to
do a bunch of things, but it's always going to be limited, like optimism only lasts for
so long.
But you have like a fixed number of months to get as much fit in as possible without
too much pushback.
Yeah.
And it's like a feedback loop because then you do even crazier shit than you would have
normally done.
And that like depletes optimism even faster, but it feels like we're in that zone.
I already feel like we're kind of coming out of it where like, like, okay, this is America,
like you need to satisfy the corporations.
That's, that's how it works.
If you do stuff that hurts the corporations, like you're not going to be around for super
long.
And if you lose that, it's not, you know, it can only go on like that for, for so long,
like no one's really been able to escape being liable to them.
Okay.
So one person can't come in and just burn down our economy.
Like there is a, there are like adults who enter the room and stop that if it came to
that.
Yeah.
Cause there's corporate interest.
Corporate interests need to follow corporate interests.
And I feel like there's so many problems in America from that.
But at the same time, it's what prevents us from doing stuff that's too stupid because
like once you affect the money, then it's like, uh, yeah, stop now.
Yeah, I guess it's separate conversations around like the global economic situation and
all the tariffs and all that versus like the tensions and the ongoing war and who's side
who is on and yeah, the civil Russia is really crazy stuff's nuts.
And like, I don't know, it's just, it's weird to me.
It's just weird to wake up and like suddenly like our president is like friends with Russia,
but not with everyone we've always been friends with.
What do we do with that?
Like, yeah, I don't know.
It's not even like good guys and bad guys.
I'm not trying to like decide who's good and bad.
Although I think there's a lot of history that says Putin's pretty bad.
But like, aside from human rights and all that stuff, I get that like countries look out
for themselves.
But it's just weird to like have America flip sides and suddenly be like on the side like
feels like we're on the side of Russia, right?
Am I just dreaming that or I mean, the thing that was really weird was like the defense
department halting all cyber attack stuff with Russia, like what the fuck?
That's like really extreme.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Who knows what's going on behind the scenes?
But, uh, yeah, at the end of the day, it's really weird because I'm seeing, um, you know,
if you're Canadian, you're probably really annoyed right now, right?
And I see that.
They're all like really upset at America and they're like, yeah, we have a lot of stuff.
I always forget how many friends we have in Canada from a tech standpoint, like, yeah,
and they're impacted by this.
And like they didn't do any, they didn't like vote for, they didn't like, this is like
an election that's happening in that country.
It's affecting them.
Yeah.
And I think they understand that it's one guy that's doing this plus all the people that
voted for him true.
But I wonder like, okay, let's say, you know, eventually his term runs out hopefully, you
know, hopefully we don't have to end up with a king.
No kidding.
By the next election, will everyone with a relations like basically reset because it's
with like, is Canada relationship with the US or with Trump, you know, yeah, didn't their,
their prime minister kind of, uh, Justin, whatever said, like he kind of made a speech
or two along the lines of like, I know that the American people aren't making this decision
that this was.
Yeah.
Like if you're a leader of a country, like you, you can't, like you must see it that way.
It's like everyone in America just suddenly became like assholes and wanted to tear up
your country.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So I mean, it has just, because American never really has to think about it.
We also, it's very, I can see how it's very annoying.
It's like an election in another country that has nothing to do with you.
And now, now you're, uh, you're impacted.
Mm hmm.
So yeah, I see people, I see like Canadian, like really upset and annoyed and angry.
Hi, Chris.
Just shout out to Chris.
I hope, I hope you're well in Canada.
Yeah.
I better let me know if you need me to smuggle in any equipment.
I'm not going to edit that.
What do we ship up there?
Corn?
Like what the fuck do we make?
I don't know.
Yeah.
And all the terrorists are like, I actually don't know what Canada and America trade.
Like I'm sure there's stuff.
You definitely get wood.
We definitely get wood.
It's funny.
I did look this up.
And I was like, I was so surprised by how stereotypical the results were.
It was literally maple syrup.
Just, yeah.
It was like maple syrup and wood and an oil, obviously it was a big one, but like in your
head, you picked your Canada, you picked your like mountains trees and like the trees
have maple syrup, you know, and it's like that's, yeah, that actually is what we're
importing from.
Oh, man.
From Canada.
So maple syrup is going to be expensive.
I think we're also doing the tariff thing to Mexico, right?
I'm using terrified.
This whole thing, like he just suspended it again yesterday.
Oh, he's just kidding.
I get it.
I want to post a screenshot.
Okay.
So I did do one thing two or three weeks ago.
I opened put options on Nvidia, Tesla and Bitcoin because I know for sure Tesla is getting
slammed from every possible direction, like EVs are not selling well.
They're a million EV makers in international markets like China, like they're being dominated.
So I know they're hitting, they're probably going to hit something existential at some
point, which Elon normally is very good at dealing with existential things.
But he's pretty distracted right now.
Yeah.
So I had a short open on Tesla and I had one on Nvidia, because I'm like, it's the most
inflated.
So if we actually come out here, it's going to get hit the most.
And the counter two thing on Bitcoin is I think all the pro pro Bitcoin stuff that Trump
is doing, I think it's going to be like a sell the new type of situation where everyone's
like really excited for what he could do.
And then once he actually does it, big segment is going to be over and people are going to
sell whatever. But the thing I was going to post is like a screenshot of the chart of
my holdings in the past couple of weeks, what one they're doing really well, like the market
is not doing well.
So those are doing well, but it is the most like jagged up and down that it looks like
someone's having a heart attack type of thing because it's like, we're doing tariffs.
I was like, okay, actually, no, we're only going to do tariffs on these things.
Oh, no, we're doing them again.
And it's just like, it's a crazy whiplash and the market just has no idea what's going
on.
Yeah.
So I think yesterday he said he delayed them again on Mexico and in whatever and like avocados
will still be cheap for a little while.
I don't know.
Liz's sister works at a jewelry company and they got calls from their vendors yesterday
being like, everything's up 10% now because of this and they had to go figure out how
to reprice everything, they're increasing the price of a bunch of stuff, they're like eating
the costs on stuff. But then it's like, Oh, it turns out it's not going into effects for
another month.
And it's like, it's just like such a it's crazy whiplash right now.
So yeah, to me, I will say all this was awesome and worth it.
If the end result is every country just gives up terrafing the US because of reciprocal threats
and we end up with completely near free trade, free trade. Yeah, yeah, that's, that's awesome.
It's good goal.
I don't buy that.
I don't think that's what's going on because of the zero sum mentality I mentioned earlier.
We will see kind of sucks and just all the, I don't know, it's like I want to be so excited
about stuff right now. Like, work is changing, like the potential for tools to make us more
productive and all that like it's all so exciting. And then it's like, no, all the distractions
of, yeah, like is the world ending? I don't know. It's just so loud.
It's just like we it really feels like the sense that I feel is past peak America, we're
aware of it, but then the reaction to it is accelerating the decline simultaneously. We're
getting propaganda videos every single week from China about some fucking robot. That's
like, you know, doing some dances and shit. And then, and then it's just like, oh, yeah,
like the Chinese, like BYD, whatever the Chinese Tesla is like, oh, they're like outselling
Tesla. Like, like, look at their car. This only cost $16,000. We're going to fucking fly
and shoot lasers. Like, it just it does not a good like it doesn't make you feel good
about about America. It just it's especially funny for me because I wasn't born here.
And my family like, there was a moment in time where my family was like, we need to make
it to America. We did establish a life here, like we're able to be successful. And like
my parents did that to set me up. And like, fuck, am I going to have to do that again?
Like we just got here. We just got here. I was supposed to be the, I was supposed to
be the kid that's like, Oh, like, you know, my family came here and like set me up and
now like, you know, I did all this stuff. Is it going to be my kids? They get to have
that like moving to like Singapore or something? And they're going to feel like, like, oh,
my parents, and the funniest thing is, like, Liz's grandparents came over in there, like
maybe they were like late 40s, 50s, right? When they were older. And they had no idea.
They were like, I'm gonna spend my whole life in Cuba. And all of a sudden, they're 50.
And they're like, Oh, shit, I'm like moving to America. And I'm like, what if my kid,
like, what if I'm 50 and I'm randomly immigrating to a new country? I have to like learn the
language. Like that could totally happen. Oh, man. That sucks. It's kind of makes you
feel special, though, like, if we're the generation that sees that, like, the real decline of
America, I mean, as much as that sucks. I don't know. Kind of unique. Like, how many
generations have there been since America was founded in 1700s or whatever? And we're
the one that feels special, Adam, what are the mail in the coffin?
But it's not going to be like that. It's going to be like Europe. It's going to be like infinite
slow time. Yeah. And I see so many parallels with us in Europe right now. It's like, you
know, how, you know, how like five years ago, we'd be like, Ha ha, Europe, you suck. Like,
look at all the stuff we have. And they'd be like, you don't even need all that stuff.
Like it's not good to have all that stuff. Yeah. I'm literally seeing that now. Like,
I think someone from the government was like, like, someone America was like, someone in
the administration was like, you know, it's not always about being able to buy cheap stuff.
Like, that's not always like the best thing. I think exactly what all the European people
are saying. You know, it's like, you know, like, you don't even need that many eggs.
Oh, it's so good. Oh, man. That sucks though. Weird times. I hope I hope this is just a
temporary thing, of course. But man, we'll see. I guess all the AI stuff is a lot, a lot of
leading by America. I mean, there's deep seek. But like, yeah, major frontier models are all
American companies, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, we're still number one of pretty much
everything. But obviously, like the when you look back in history of things that have declined,
the decline started like during their best times. Always. It's like, when someone comes to you and
say, okay, the decline is happening, it seems so ridiculous, because like things are better than
ever. And you're like, I don't want everything. So it kind of, there is like some precedent for that.
But yeah, I mean, that's the only thing that bothers me. There's so many people being like,
no, like, we're like, all the people that are obsessed with talking about this. And they're like,
no, we can do it. America can do everything. Like, we don't need help from everyone. Like,
you personally aren't doing shit. Like, the reason America is good is because of like,
these like really small set of companies and people that like are continuing to push the bar.
It's not any of the people in this conversation. I'm sorry to tell you like, yeah, like, oh,
we're so great. Yeah, like as a country, but like, not you personally, you know, you suck such a
DAX response. I can tell the point. There's other point energy to them. All right, I got to get back
to monitoring my cloud code babies. They need me to feed them.
You have like a bunch of teamwork sessions that you do with the cloud code thing running,
spending $100 a minute, $100 a minute. I've already written a little tool for like spinning up a new
session or a new window in my session, get work tree, check out a branch, like, just kind of like,
get me into a new context where I can start up some work and then monitor what is get work
tree. I hear you say a few times and realize I don't know what that is. It's just the ability
to like check out multiple branches on the same file system. Like, so you don't have to get cloned.
It's like, you can use get work tree to like have two branches that you're working on in parallel.
Like, what does it look like on the file system? Well, it actually like, it's annoying because
it creates a new folder. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It just creates a new file system, but it shares the same
get. I see directory. I don't know. I don't know how much better it is than just cloning a bunch.
I guess you could just clone a bunch, but I guess are efficient. Oh, I see, because you can't,
if you switch branches and it's, you know, I have one tab on one branch and one tab on another branch.
Right. Normally, if you're switching branches, you're sharing a file. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I learned about a new get thing like every day. How, how convoluted is get?
It's just like so many tools and get that I have not or will not ever use.
Yeah, just one of those class situations where like the online primitive so good enables like a
million things, but those million things were not productized. Well, yeah, spread out all over the
place. Yeah. Okay, I'll let you get back to your new best friend. Yeah, my new best friend cloud
code. I broke up with, I don't know who there was nothing before cloud code. That's true. I mean,
there probably was, but I wasn't using it. All right. Yeah.